README.md, before:

# react-native-maps rendering bug on iOS with GoogleMaps v.3+

This is a demo to show a rendering bug of Polygon and Circle objects in [react-native-maps](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-maps) on iOS when using GoogleMaps pod with a version of 3.0.3 or above.

By default v0.26.1 uses GoogleMaps pod 3.2.0. To change that version pick any [published version](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/ios-sdk/releases) and include it in Line 20 of the [podspec](./react-native-google-maps.podspec).

Run a `rm -rf ./node_modules && npm install && cd ios && pod update && cd ..` to use it. A postinstall command will copy the updated podspec in the right place.

# Status

Styling of Polygon and Cirlce works consistently correct on GoogleMaps 2.5.0, 2.6.0 and 2.7.0, but does not work (after initial render) on any tested version from 3.0.3 to 3.5.0.

# Forcing a correct render

Sometimes the first rendering is correct. Often not.
When the app is loaded in the simulator, and circles are shown, changing a circle property such as `strokeColor` in line 66 of [App.js](./App.js) will result in correctly apllied styles (with FastRefresh). The next render will fall back to the defaults.

# Adding a Google Map Key

The demo works without a key, but to enable map rendering, insert your key into [AppDelegate.m](./ios/PolygonDemo/AppDelegate.m) in line 20.

Commit message:

Implemented Fix from https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-maps/issues/3025#issuecomment-538345230 to test it with Button *Use NativeProps*

README.md, after:

# react-native-maps rendering bug on iOS with GoogleMaps v.3+

This is a demo to show a rendering bug of Polygon and Circle objects in [react-native-maps](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-maps) on iOS when using GoogleMaps pod with a version of 3.0.3 or above.

By default v0.26.1 uses GoogleMaps pod 3.2.0. To change that version pick any [published version](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/ios-sdk/releases) and include it in Line 20 of the [podspec](./react-native-google-maps.podspec).

Run a `rm -rf ./node_modules && npm install && cd ios && pod update && cd ..` to use it. A postinstall command will copy the updated podspec in the right place.

# Status

Styling of Polygon and Cirlce works consistently correct on GoogleMaps 2.5.0, 2.6.0 and 2.7.0, but does not work (after initial render) on any tested version from 3.0.3 to 3.5.0.

There is a [Workaround](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-maps/issues/3025#issuecomment-538345230) to ensure correct rendering by using `setNativeProps`. It can be enabled/disabled by clicking on the lower left button. This workaround *appears* to work on all GoogleMaps v3.+ variants, as long as the wrapper component sets any property that is used in any visible element.

# Forcing a correct render

Sometimes the first rendering is correct. Often not.
When the app is loaded in the simulator, and circles are shown, changing a circle property such as `strokeColor` in line 66 of [App.js](./App.js) will result in correctly apllied styles (with FastRefresh). The next render will fall back to the defaults.

# Adding a Google Map Key

The demo works without a key, but to enable map rendering, insert your key into [AppDelegate.m](./ios/PolygonDemo/AppDelegate.m) in line 20.
